<h2>Introduction:</h2>
<p>This project Dance School Management System is a database which provides a platform for all age groups of students to learn and excel in the field called Dance. It has various teachers available to train the students in various class rooms in different shifts. There are managers to manage the students the managers are hired by the Dance School owners.</p>
<h2>Case Study:</h2>
<p>
In this Dance School Management System, a student can be instructed by only one teacher. But a teacher can instruct multiple students. A student is identified by a student ID. Student name, Date of Birth, age and address are also stored where address is composed of house number, street number and City. A teacher is identified by teacher ID. The system also stores the teacher’s name and address. Address is composed of house number, street number and city. A student can sign in to learn only one dance style while a dance style can be learned by many students. Dance style is identified by dance ID and the style name is also stored in the system. A teacher can teach only one dance style. But a dance style can be taught by multiple teachers. A dance style can be conducted in multiple classrooms. A classroom can be used to conduct only one dance style. Class room is identified by a room number. Class shift and duration are also stored. A student can practise in only one classroom while a classroom can have multiple students. A teacher can take multiple classes but a classroom can be taken by only one teacher. A manager registers many students. But a student can get registered by one manager. Registration date is stored when a student gets registered. Manager is identified by manager ID and the name of manager is stored. Owners of the Dance School hire managers. A manager can be hired by only one owner but an owner can hire multiple managers. Owner is identified by owner ID and Owner name and phone numbers are also stored. A student can pay to only one accountant while an accountant can take payment from multiple students. To keep track of payment, the payment date, amount paid by student and due amount is also stored. Accountant is identified by Accountant_ID. Accountant_name and phone numbers are stored as well. The accountants also give salary to the managers. An account can give salary to multiple managers but a manager can take salary from only one accountant.</p>